hello we are still with ours
Colleagues of notebook info for you
we have already said nexus 10
Get this is the new google tablet
What about samsung on the market
was brought and we want one
small comparison dare and that with the
ipad four, of course, both have a lot
high-resolution displays here are
2048 x 15 36 pixels to 9.7 inches in the 4 3
format and samsung nexus 10 are
2560 x 1600 pixel also one
ordinary house number and pure
mathematically even a little higher
resolution but it is just 10 1 inch
so that's a 16 9 format and that is
even one of the biggest
Differences between the two devices
if you now have the two tablets
look a little bit from the top
then you see that at the nexus 10
a little bit more fits
our website in length
at least while the apple device
just once yes because missing just what I
this is now the piece of the
third article there but big
difference does not make it for that
everything on the nexus a bit
smaller and on the Apple device a
a little bit bigger you can take your time
read a little bit pixel you can see
not on both devices because they just
these super high resolution displays
to have
accordingly, it does not really matter
difference in terms of brightness
I think so right now
apple-device's nose a bit forward
we can look here again because of
the brightness
which is already at maximum there is that
Apple gets a little bit ahead
otherwise I still notice that the
perspective, I believe in both
the difference is pretty good
but that through the brightness and one
a little bit of contrast, I think so too
at the ipad the display a bit
the quality of one of the
biggest differences certainly the
Price as I said the Samsung Nexus 10
costs in the smallest version with 16
gb 399 euro the ipad is from 479 to have
is as much memory still
difference is just
that two gigabytes are installed here
RAM and the ipad is believed
i only one and another big and
big difference are the
different cpu stuck it here
me a samsung cortex a15 cpu in it
is a exodus 52 10 jul chor is
on the new basis of new architecture
correspondingly faster
faster than in tegra 3 is one of
pure performance also faster than one
as the apple a6 in the ipad in it
is what we noticed but at
his little benchmark test in life
have done that is the results
In humans, benchmark has been here with Gl
but clearly on the part of the ipad in the
advantage here are namely the ipad
133 frames per second and the nexus 10
00 87 are a difference of so um
the 40 has apple with his
power via graphics the nose still clear
front
So the next scene is not quite that way
good for gaming like the ipad
4 what else do the hardware take
the devices are actually so pure from
Do not feel too much except that
it is a very different format when
So with the two devices here 16 to 9
and for this to 3 the ipad is so one
a bit more pleasant in the upright mode
to use as the nexus 10 what already
certainly he for consumption and the like
suitable because it is in this 16 9
format has something to do with the connections
as usual, apple is pretty
spartan to see on the side of that
there is nothing on the ground
we lightning the lightning board on the
right side the volume rocker and
to determine that
Button for the screen rotation and on
upper edge still the one and
Turn off the small microphone and here
the headphone jack and that 's it
then already
on the other hand, it is a samsung
a bit more diverse designed everything there
we have micro hdmi out to volume
seesaw and on and off switch as I said
and on the left side is still sitting
the usb 2.0 micro usb port and
headphone jack and on the ground still a
docking port
Maybe then you can someday
sometimes a docking station or sometime
maybe maybe one
connect keyboard design goes
apple his application because of the well-known
ipad design has not been too much
done
So still a rounded one
back in the thick are the two
about equals on paper
there is a small difference but
purely in practice if you have the next
one does not notice any longer
noticeable difference so you can
between the two back and forth
still to say samsung is to say
that the device has a bit like that
a soft touch surface on the
It may be plastic but if
you put it on the table then slips
not a big one
Equipment difference is natural
the camera available here is the
with her five megapixels on very well
I do not know any resources
whether that's just the same as the ipad
Camera up here in the corner is for
her not so very nice
the efficiency of the known so who
a camera with lightning is like then
a little better next time
to advise
yes and in total you can use the equipment
Although quite comparable
but it's just two
different worlds in which the
both candidates are on the way here
Thank you very much